# Legal and Warranty Information

### LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Except as enumerated in section 9, Vendor shall not be liable for loss, injury, or damage of any kind to any person or entity resulting from any use, condition, performance, defect, or failure in the Products. This Agreement will not provide any third party, including but not limited to any end user of the Products with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action, or other right in excess of those existing without reference to this Agreement. Upon delivery of the Products, Customer shall assume all obligations and liabilities concerning the Products and for their safe use, maintenance, operation, condition, and storage, including, without limitation, liability for (a) the loss, theft, vandalism, destruction, damage, neglect, or abuse to the Products (or any part thereof); and (b) all other risks and liabilities, including, without limitation, the death of or injury to any person or property arising from the use, operation, condition, possession, or storage of the Products from any cause whatsoever. Vendor shall not be liable for any incidental damages, including, but not limited to, the loss of revenue or business interruption incurred by Customer by reason of any downtime or malfunction of the Products. Customer expressly releases Vendor from such liability in entering into this Agreement.

### 9\. LIMITED WARRANTY 

9.1 Vendor warrants that the Products sold to Customer by Vendor, and any replacement parts, will be free from material defect in materials and workmanship for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of delivery of the Products to Customer, subject to the terms and conditions in this limited warranty.

9.2 Vendor may refund the value or partial value of, or replace the Product or a part of the Product at no cost to Customer, excepting shipping costs of the Product and technician expenses which will be paid by Customer, upon the following circumstances:

1. Vendor is advised in writing as to a defect in the Product;
2. An examination of such Product, whether completed remotely or in person, discloses to Vendor’s reasonable satisfaction that such Product is defective and such defect was not caused by accident, abuse, neglect, improper installation, alteration, lightning damage, submersion, or short circuits due to improper handling, repair, improper testing, or use contrary to any instruction issued by Vendor;
3. By written request of Customer, Vendor’s designated Remote Technician has worked remotely with Customer or Customer’s representative to address the defect, and, despite Vendor’s Remote Technician’s good faith effort and reasonable diligence, the Remote Technician was not able to fix the defect;
4. An In-Person Technician, with good faith effort and reasonable diligence was not able to repair the defect; and The defect occurred within the first twelve (12) months from the date of delivery of the Product to Customer.

Replacement shall mean furnishing Customer with a new Product or replacement part equivalent to the defective Product or part. The defective Product replaced by Vendor under this warranty shall become the property of Vendor and must be returned to Vendor properly packaged to prevent physical damage.

9.3 Support services will be available to Customer for the first twelve (12) months after the Products have been delivered to Customer. Support services will include Remote Technician Assistant. Remote Technician Assistance shall include assistance in repairing or diagnosing any issues with the Product, and its software or application The Remote Technician shall assist Customer in repairing issues with the Products not caused by Customer or an agent of Customer and not caused by accident, abuse, neglect, improper installation, alteration, lightning damage, submersion, or short circuits due to improper handling, repair, improper testing, or use contrary to any instruction issued by Vendor. Customer is responsible for finding an agent who is able to work with the Remote Technician and follow the Remote Technician’s instructions. After the first twelve (12) months from the date of delivery of the Product to Customer and the corresponding expiration of this warranty, Vendor may charge a reasonable fee for any Remote Technician Assistance provided to Customer.

9.4 If the Remote Technician is unable to assist Customer, then Vendor may, at Customer’s request, send an In-Person Technician to diagnose and repair the Product. Customer is responsible for paying the In-Person Technician’s expenses, which include travel, lodging, and an hourly labor charge at the current market rate Vendor shall use its best efforts to send an In-Person Technician to Customer within one (1) week of Customer’s request. 

9.5 The obligations created by the warranty statement to repair, refund, or replace a defective Product shall be the sole remedy of the Customer in the event of a defective Product. Except as expressly provided in the warranty statement, Vendor disclaims all other warranties, whether express or implied, oral, or written, with respect to the Product, including, without limitation, all implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. The foregoing limited warranty is in lieu of all other warranties. No representative, employee, distributor, or dealer of Vendor has the authority to make or imply any warranty, representation, promise, or agreement which in any way varies the terms of the limited warranty. Under no circumstances shall Vendor be liable to Customer or any third party for any consequential, incidental, indirect, exemplary, special, or other damages whether based on contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory arising out of or related to the Product sold to Customer, including, but not limited to, lost profits or loss of business, even if Vendor is apprised of the likelihood of such damages occurring. This limited warranty may not be changed, modified, limited, or extended in scope except by a written agreement signed by Vendor and Customer. Except as stated, any purported modification of this limited warranty shall be null and void.

9.6 The limited warranty provided in this Section 7 is valid only in the United States and Canada and does not cover Products sold and clearly marked "as is" or with faults. Some states or provinces do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts and some states do not allow the exclusion or limitations of consequential or incidental damages, so these limitations or exclusions may not apply to Customers in those instances. Customers may also have other rights which vary from state to state or province to province.

9.7 If Customer makes any defamatory, disparaging, libelous, or damaging publication or statement about Vendor or the Products, Vendor may refuse to provide Customer with Remote or In-Person Technician services; provided, however, that Customer can make a truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent, (a) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration, or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration, or mediation properly takes place; or (b) required by law, legal process, or by any court, arbitrator, mediator, or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over the Parties.

### 10\. INDEMNIFICATION

10.1 Customer agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Vendor and its officers, directors, and employees from or against any and all claims, demands, damages, actions or causes of action, together with any and all losses, costs, or expenses, including, without limitation, to attorney’s fees and court costs arising out of, connected with, or resulting from the Products, including, without limitation, the selection, delivery, control, possession, use, operation, maintenance, or return of the Products.

10.2 Customer further agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Vendor and its officers, directors, and employees from or against any and all claims, demands, damages, actions or causes of action, together with any and all losses, costs, or expenses, including, without limitation, to attorney fees and court costs in connection therewith and related thereto, asserted by any person or persons for property damage, bodily injuries, or death received or sustained by any person or persons in any manner caused by, arising from, incident to, connected with, or growing out of the event or function for which the Products are used, unless the property damage, bodily injuries, or death are caused in whole or in part by the intentional conduct, recklessness, or negligence of Vendor or its employees or agents.

10.3 Customer will indemnify Vendor against all claims, losses, and reasonable expenses from any third-party claim alleging that the use of the Products infringes or misappropriates the third-party’s intellectual property rights. Customer must promptly provide Vendor with written notice of such claim, tender to Vendor the defense or settlement of such claim at Customer’s expense and cooperate fully with Vendor in the defense or settlement of such claim. Customer’s intellectual property indemnification obligations shall apply to claims based on (a) modification of the Products by a third-party not approved by Vendor; (b) use of the Products in combination with hardware or services not approved by Vendor; (c) use of Vendor’s Products other than as permitted in this Agreement; or (d) use of Vendor’s Product software or application that is not the most current release provided by Vendor.

